new era games games for playstation 3
playstation 4 and xbox the year in media
digital
Personal speech beauty mike starting more
a video and today bringing a box and the
The fish I told you just
to arrive
went there in search mails can see that
arrived quiet here happened
nothing showcased show what
they always ask to check staff.
terabyte ooo stamp that indicates
guarantee of non-violation of the box
so everything is still, so I'm going
open here it even has a
son for this year how to open and I go
do exactly in the video there to not have
problem opens here
then it 's just a little bit here coming
here in the middle give yourself a little more
Ready is open here from the side too
was who is filming and then ritinha
went bad it is her fault recording stand
bad her fault
hello my name is the motherboard boxes
box and video card that papers
here, first here I think the box of the
video card that gtx up to 770
I found here Ball O and put skipped
will surround next
chirac but newspaper to help in one
on here
the processor is wii 54 670 on the fourth
generation is the toast is that the mouse but
I already have a mouse already better than this
here but already worth it for who
there is not
here there was absence is the exchange of force
I have not thought of it here either.
the gigabyte motherboard
I know that I thought it was not
excellent but what you got to buy
I'm very happy about this, let's have
Anything else is the keyboard
It was some time over here, you're going to help me by
while you can buy it
best
remembering that the keyboard and a
sound goodies and now we'll take the
Praça
I swear to the box here.
a month and now it 's and there's some more
here is something here the water of the
source box font
So here you have something else not
There is nothing but newspaper and now we come.
to what matters that the psycho goes
leave his setting in description
opera violated the tape again.
his safety non - infringement of another
hand O're also not violated a fight
now opens with the same scheme asks the
Shoot who here
careful not
I already took that it will not too and here
also
ready it the highest protection 100%
will admit that the pc to suck the fac
Let's go to bed and from here to make it easier to see
if I can turn myself on my own
career, I came back here
just to see this box show you
the ball show cabinet
I jumped here and now, let's go to the
matter is a fucking mess here
which is an animal's office
now let's get cardboard out here
instead
that's the way out of the yard now.
The pretty ticket is ready.
front of it for you some input
phone 3 up to here
the legault ventilation only part here is
bored ball show is on the side here 4th
crazy to test he has nothing on
back here is you there
hdmi input and four more usb inputs
behind
So what ball show?
So that's it folks this was a no boxing.
I remember how the recording was made because Rita
What are you recording there? I do not know if she's going
shaking a lot is going to lack some focus
something but that is what you have
liked if you like do not forget to
let your ex the favorite in the disclosure
no more, this is a hug, stay in peace and
until the next video
I speak